first opensource commit (#2174)
opensearch-project/project-website: _authors/osci_2023/archanaDu.markdown

---
name: Archana 
short_name: archi

> 
> github: archanadubey

Reviewer: The formatting of this frontmatter section is important:
```suggestion
github: archanadubey
---
```

> **Archana** have done bachelor and masters but I have a long career gap. I am again trying to reform my career in software enginnering as a java developer. Looking forawrd to get support and guidence to achive my goal. there are a lot of road blocks in path. Hope opensource  will experience will clear blocks and I will have smooth journey afterward.

Reviewer: Some spelling and typo suggestions:
```suggestion
**Archana** have done bachelor and masters but I have a long career gap. I am again trying to reform my career in software engineering as a java developer. Looking forward to get support and guidance to achieve my goal. There are a lot of road blocks in the path. I hope opensource experience will clear blocks and I will have smooth journey afterward.
```
